able to see loved ones for the first
time in
months and i want to thank you all again
for your patience because it is really
clear now that this is
paying off and it's your collective
efforts our collective efforts that have
given us the crucial time and space
to vaccinate more than 31 million people
and i'm pleased we've also been
able to support our overseas territories
so that gibraltar has become the first
place
in the world one of the first places in
the world to offer a vaccination
to its entire adult population
and the net result of your efforts and
of course with the
of the vaccine rollout is that i can
today
confirm that from monday the 12th of
april we will move to step
two of our road map reopening
shops gyms zoos holiday campsites
personal care services like hairdressers
and of course
beer gardens and outdoor hospitality of
all kinds and on
monday the 12th i will be going to the
pub myself and
cautiously but irreversibly raising a
pint of beer
to my lips we're also increasing the
number of visitors to care homes from
one to two
to allow residents to see more of their
loved ones
we think that these changes are fully
justified
by the data which show that we're
meeting our four tests for easing
the lock down as chris will shortly
explain
but and you know i'm going to say this
we
can't be complacent we can see the waves
of sickness
afflicting other countries and we've
seen
how this story goes we still don't know
how
strong the vaccine shield will be when
cases begin to rise
as i'm afraid that they will and that's
why we're saying
please get your vaccine or your second
dose when your turn comes
and please use the free nhs
tests even if you don't feel ill because
remember one in three people with this
virus
doesn't have any symptoms and you can
get these tests from your pharmacies
from pharmacies
or your local test site you can even
order them on gov dot uk and get home
deliveries
as part of our road map we're also
publishing today
on gov uk the early thinking on
our four reviews on the safe return of
major events on social distancing
the potential role of covid status
certification and on the resumption
of international travel
we set out our roadmap and we're
sticking in it
and i want to stress that we see nothing
in the present data that makes us think
that we will have to deviate from that
roadmap
but it's by being cautious by monitoring
the data
at every stage and by following the
rules
remembering hands face space fresh air
that we hope together to make this road
map
to freedom irreversible thank you very
much and i'm going to go to chris for
the slides
thank you prime minister first slide
please
the government set out four tests and
these just
lay out some data some of the data that
lie behind
the decision that the tests had been met
the first test was that the vaccine
deployment program continues
successfully
and i think as everyone has seen over
the last weeks
the vaccines are being rolled out by the
nhs at a remarkable rate
uh continuing uh to to do so um
over 31 million uh individuals have had
their first dose
and we're now in the situation where
people at the highest risk
are now beginning to get their second
dose and they're over 5.4
million people have received a second
dose so a first dose in
around 60 percent of the adult
population at this point in time
so at this stage that is heading very
much in the right direction
uh next slide please the second
uh question uh was whether there is
evidence uh that
vaccines are sufficient uh in to
actually reduce hospitalizations and
deaths in people vaccinated
we had the original clinical trials all
of which were very
reassuring both of the vaccines we
currently have and indeed
for vaccines we might get later in the
year but you have to see how things work
in practice
and looking at the data from people who
have been vaccinated
in uh the four nations of the united
kingdom uh
consistently we found a significant
reduction
in people who have symptomatic disease
estimated at around 60 percent
give or take and for people having
hospitalizations in more severe disease
around an 80 reduction from the first
dose
that makes two points firstly these
vaccines are highly effective
but secondly they're not completely
effective and it is absolutely essential
that everybody as a prime minister has
said who is called for a second booster
dose
goes to take that offer up because it
will increase the level of protection
and almost certainly increase the
duration of protection
as well next slide please
the third test was that infection rates
do not risk
a surge in hospitalizations which would
put unsustainable pressure on the nhs
and here you can see the number of
people in hospital with covert 19 in the
uk
and these have been falling steadily now
from the peak
and they are continuing to fall which is
really excellent news because obviously
hospitalizations then translate into
people with long-term problems and
deaths and alongside this the number of
people who are dying
has also been steadily decreasing and at
a faster rate
than happened in the first peak and that
may well be because of a combination of
the lockdown measures that everybody in
the country has been
involved in and done such a remarkable
job on plus
the effects of the vaccines on top of
that which led to an even faster
reduction in mortality and the average
number of deaths
at the moment is running at around 47
deaths a day
it's been lower numbers reported over
the easter weekend
unsurprisingly but 47 a day on average
that's down from a
peak of around 1 300
earlier in the year next slide please
and the final test is our assessment of
the risks
not being fundamentally changed by new
variants of concern
and throughout this right from the
beginning we've said we do expect
there to be variants of concern along
the way and some of those may
potentially be ones that are
more able to escape the vaccine so this
is a this is going to be a
continuing issue but if you look at the
numbers
here in the uk of the ones and we have
very good testing capacity in the uk so
some of the best in the world at the
moment and so
we have a high high degree of confidence
in our capacity to test for variants if
you look at the top line
with the b117 variant which is the
dominant variant
in the uk at the moment over
170 000 confirmed cases
the next one down south african variant
uh b14351 first described in south
africa may obviously have come from
somewhere else
uh the total number dynamically
confirmed there
is a much smaller number at 469
and that proportion has stayed steady
over time so there is no evidence
that this is increasing we are however
picking up more cases
uh because of testing at borders so as
people come in people are tested
and some people have found to have
variants and then much smaller numbers
again
for two of the other variants that we're
concerned about one
that was first described from brazil and
one of which was first described here
in england so um at the moment the
although variants of concern will remain
an issue there is no reason
to see feel that this fundamentally
changes our our position we've always
known that this was a risk so those are
the four tests
and there's of course a lot of other
data but these are just a snapshot
of some of the data we have to support
the government's
feeling that these tests have been met
thanks very much chris
patrick healing to add to that thanks
very much let's go straight to
catherine from basingstoke
when will residents of care homes many
of whom have not been outside in over a
year
be allowed out for a walk or a socially
distanced visit to a cafe or pub garden
i'm asking this on behalf of my 94 year
old grandmother
thank you thank you very much catherine
and i think that
uh catherine you speak on behalf of
millions who
uh who want us to to see more
flexibility
for visiting uh elderly relatives in in
care homes
and or allowing them to do more and i
know it's been a very very tough time
for for those in in care homes who
remember uh how
hard our care homes were hit by that
first wave of the
of the pandemic we've had to do
everything we can uh possibly to
protect them uh what we're doing from uh
from monday the
april the 12th as i said just now is
we're allowing
more people to visit elderly relatives
in care homes
going up from from one to two and
catherine we're doing a review
uh right now on the specific um request
that you you make and i'm sure on behalf
of many others to try to get that going
uh in a in a reasonable and uh a safe
way but
you'll hear a bit more about that
catherine later on
uh in the next in the next few days can
we get them to matthew from norwich
as more adults become protected due to
the speedy vaccine rollout
is there a risk that covert 19 could
mutate and affect
children more if so are scientists
looking
at vaccine for children also
excellent question from matthew but i
think i'm going to ask uh chris and pat
or patrick to yeah i'm happy to forget
that um
well i think there's there's no evidence
that the virus is going to mutate
specifically to affect children
what may happen as more and more people
become immune to the virus
through vaccination is that the virus
will try and get around that and to try
to escape the vaccine
that's a normal process that viruses do
so we'd expect that over time
which is why over time it may be
necessary to
update the vaccines maybe every year
every couple of years will be necessary
to have a slightly different vaccine
for certain vulnerable groups so that's
what we'd expect to change
in terms of vaccines for children that
is being looked at it'd be the same
vaccines the pfizer
study read out last week that they're
looking at this in in in children
and so i expect to see more trials of
vaccines in children over the next few
months
and but it'll be the same vaccines could
i just add one point on this which is
one of the few good things about this
epidemic and there are almost none is
that children are relatively unaffected
but for that reason you'd want to be
absolutely confident
that a vaccine was highly safe because
children are at relatively low risk
and therefore you want to be confident
that the vaccine is
incredibly safe if you're using it in
children uh in older adults of course
the risk of code is incredibly high so
that the risk ratios
look different thanks very much chris
thank you matthew
ian watson bbc uh happy easter prime
minister obviously some good news
today but uh on vacation passports they
seem to have achieved the remarkable
political feat
of uniting a former labour leader and a
former conservative leader against
them about 40 of your own mps regard
them as devices so first of all if they
are to be introduced can you guarantee
there'd be a vote in parliament on this
issue and secondly
would you like to take this opportunity
to reassure the skeptics that while it
could be useful
for big events people will not need to
take a certificate to the local pub to
gain entry
and very briefly if you can ask this too
on your review documents they're
sounding pretty pessimistic about
foreign travel going ahead in may
when do you think you'll be able to tell
us that people can book a foreign
holiday
ian thank you very much lots of very
good uh points there
first of all on uh kovid's status
certification as we
as we prefer to to call it i think the
most important thing to say
to everybody listening and watching is
that
there is absolutely no uh question of
people being asked to produce
uh certification or uh covered status uh
report when they go to the uh to the to
the shops or uh to the pub garden
uh or to the hairdressers or whatever in
uh
on monday so and indeed uh we're not
planning
uh that for step three either uh
may the 17th as you know uh we're hoping
to go for
uh the opening up of of indoor
hospitality
uh and uh and so on uh we're not
planning for anything of that kind at
that stage but i think what is certainly
true is that
the idea of um uh
vaccination status being useful for
international
travel is is something that all
countries are
looking at i do think that's going to be
part of our uh
of the way people deal with it we need
to think about that
but uh there are basically three
ingredients to uh your covid
certification or three ways
that you can give reassurance to uh to
others if you go to
uh to a big mass event
and uh or or ways you can
that people can be assured that the
people in the room uh
don't uh have the risk of spreading
coping the number one is your your
immunity
uh so if you've had it if you had the
virus before in the last or certainly in
the last six months you'll have
uh the antibodies number two obviously
is is vaccination status
but number three is is testing and
testing really is valuable i've been
talking about this for a long time but
the nhs as you know is now offering
uh free uh lateral flow tests i do think
that they are
uh for asymptomatic uh people as as well
i do think that they're
uh they're they're they're an important
part of of the way forward but
i want to stress that there are uh
complicated uh ethical and practical
issues as i think i said last time uh
raised by
the idea of covid uh status
certification because after
for vaccination uh using vaccination
alone
just because after all many people um
will be for one reason or another
are unable to to get a vaccine for for
medical reasons for instance or
or perhaps because they're pregnant or
whatever so you've got to be very
careful in how you
handle this and and don't uh start a
system that's
that's discriminatory um but
obviously we're looking at it we want to
be going ahead in the next
uh a few weeks with some test events
some pilot events which
which you can see in the uh in the in
the the road map that we've
uh that we've laid out and uh big events
like you know getting 20 000 people into
into wembley on on may the 15th uh that
kind of thing uh
getting people back into uh a theater
uh that will unquestionably involve uh
testing uh to to allow the the audience
uh
to really to participate in in the
numbers that the people want
as for um a uh a vote on the
on the issue uh well i think that's
we're taking too many fences at once
first of all we need to to
to work out exactly what the proposal uh
might be
uh but certainly if there's something to
put to parliament i have no doubt that
we'll be doing that but i want to stress
again
that that is not going to happen uh in
step two
uh april 12 or step three uh may the
the 17th and i hope that that helps and
i'm sorry on you you also asked about
aviation
and international travel and there
this is obviously we're hopeful uh that
we can get going
but on on from may the 17th we're
hopeful
um but i do not wish to give hostages
to fortune or to underestimate the
difficulties that we're seeing in
some of the destination countries that
people might want to to go to
uh we don't want to see the virus being
reimported into this country
uh from abroad uh plainly there is a
surge in other parts of the
of the world and we have to be to be
mindful of that and we have to be
to be realistic so what we're going to
do the the global
travel task force is going to report uh
later on
uh this week uh we will then be setting
out
uh well before may the 17th what we
think
is is reasonable so i i wish i could i
could give you more
uh on that you know i know that people
watching will want to know
uh exactly what they can do from uh from
may the 17th but
you know we're not there yet as soon as
we have
solid information uh more solid uh data
uh we'll let you know but but that's
where we are for the time being
i think that's uh that i think i either
you guys need to address those points
thank you very much ian
let's go to to she had carl of itv
prime minister i appreciate the uh plan
to introduce covered passports
isn't coming in in the next few steps
but to expand on that idea
do you think it's fair to expect people
to show a certificate to do something
that was once a normal activity
and what support will you provide
businesses who will have to enforce it
and are you expecting them to eventually
turn people away who don't have a
certificate
and a second question if i may research
that was published in the british
medical journal a few weeks
ago found that adherence to test trace
and isolate was low
you're now set to roll out this new mass
testing scheme where you can get two
rapid tests a week
how much compliance do you need for that
to actually work and how can you be
confident that it will work given that
compliance levels of test trace and
isolate were so low
well she have actually well first of all
on uh your question
about um uh kovid's status and
certification and i really
direct you to what i said just now to to
ian
you're taking too many fences at once uh
where stages two and three don't involve
uh anything of the kind when we have
uh proposals we'll be uh we'll be
setting them out
uh and on um uh
your point about test rates and isolate
uh actually i think that
um testing has been
a massive advantage to this country our
ability to conduct
i think 112 million tests was the last
number
i saw um you know huge proportion of the
population already been tested
that's one of the reasons she had that
we've been able to
follow the path of the disease to
isolate its genomic sequence
in the way uh that chris was uh was
explaining
uh just now that's why we we know so
much about the variants in this country
uh that we that we face uh so it's been
of massive use to us in
in fighting the disease and i i think
that lateral flow
testing will be of great advantage to us
all
as we as we go forward i mean i do
lateral flow tests before i go out
on a on a visit uh to test whether or
not i might conceivably be
infectious i think it's a it's a
sensible thing to do the nhs is now
offering as i say these free tests and i
think people
should should use them
no i mean lateral flow tests
are effective at picking up people who
are infectious they're not 100 effective
so
a negative doesn't mean you absolutely
haven't got it but a positive
that is useful to identify those people
who then need to isolate and you're
right
that testing alone isn't what matters it
matters if you're positive
and it's a true positive you isolate and
lateral flow tests are definitely part
of a a way of
trying to pick up more people who
otherwise wouldn't be picked up
thank you beth rugby sky
thank you prime minister on february the
22nd when you announced your road map
you said the vaccination program would
create a shield around the entire
population
and put us on a one-way road to freedom
but now after june the 21st
it looks like you're asking us to have
twice a weekly testing
and it's likely that we'll have to carry
around some form of covert certification
is that your vision now for what freedom
looks like for all of us and how long
are we going to actually have to live
like this
and to professor whitty chile has one of
the world's fastest
vaccination rates but it's also just had
to close
its borders to slow the spread of covert
and stop the influx
of new variants from abroad is there
anything we can learn
from the chile experience and are there
any implications of it
on our own summer holidays
beth but first of all chris i'm sure we
want to answer the question about uh
about chile but on the um
you need the vision for the for the
future and what the world will be like
after june the 21st i think a great deal
depends on the
continuing success of the vaccine roll
out and us continuing to satisfy
the the full tests and um
if things continue to go well i do think
that
uh for many people in many ways uh life
will
begin to get back to uh you know at
least some semblance of normality but
uh you know we're still somewhere off
there we've got to be guided by the data
and we've got to make sure that we we
follow the the road map that's the way
to get there i i think that a world in
which we continue to have
um testing uh is not going to be
too onerous um uh but
you know you're we're slightly putting
the cart before
uh the horse we need to make sure we get
through
um stage two right we
get through the april the 12th openings
uh get through the may the
17th openings uh all right if we can
and then june the june the 21st uh
we finally open up a lot of things that
we couldn't open up last year
i think the things will feel really very
different for the first time in a in a
long time
um but we've got to be pretty cautious
uh to get there i think
we're still on target i want to repeat
one key thing i i
said earlier on there's nothing in the
data that i can see
today that would cause us to deviate
from the road map as things stand
on the question you asked me i mean
chile provides
one uh important example i think the
other extreme uh israel before
provides another two countries that have
got very extensive vaccination
uh in israel the rates have really gone
down and are staying down for the moment
and i think it's really important we now
watch that
in chile as you say significant
remarkable effort by the chilean
people to vaccinate to vaccinate at a
high level
which is excellent but the re but they
have not had quite the same effect now
is this due to the vaccines used is this
due to
the timing of when things have actually
been rolled out uh is it due to
particular interactions with other
variants
we don't yet know and i think you're the
implication of your question which is
we absolutely need to learn from those
countries that are
ahead of us in terms of or alongside us
in terms of
vaccine rollout and those are two of the
key ones but there are others
and you know as we get more data
i think the the information from other
countries as well as the information
from our own epidemiology
will tell us actually you know how much
can we gradually lower our guard
but this is the reason we want to do
things in a steady way because
the assumption that just you vaccinate
lots of people and the problem goes away
i think chile is quite a good kind of
corrective to that this is something
we've got to
take steadily thanks very much
jane merrick the eye
thank you prime minister um can i just
ask a factual question which is what
about
children in relation to vaccine um
passports
will they be required to have these
certificates and secondly
prime minister it's a year to the day
since you were admitted to hospital
with coronavirus did you imagine back
then that we would still be in the
pandemic
one year on and if i could also ask that
of professor whitty
and sir patrick
first of all on the the the vaccine
uh passport question you know that again
jane you're slightly
uh taking your offenses all all at once
we're we're
a way off um uh implementing or enacting
any anything of the kind for
anybody let alone uh let alone children
and i and i've spelt out the you know
the
the ways in which we might think of
doing that but it's not for steps
uh two and three uh in any event and i
suppose
a year a year on uh i i'm
actually filled with amazement that
science has produced so many
vaccines that's the thing i i you know i
remember having this conversation
uh with patrick and chris many times and
we thought and i was a great believer
and still am
in the virtues of of testing as a way
through
because i could see this thing would
keep going and keep going for a for a
long time
but i never thought that we would get so
many workable
uh vaccines in such a short order when
you consider we haven't got one you know
i've got vaccines against
sars or or aids or whatever and uh so i
think that's
that's the most stunning thing about the
about the last year
i mean i i fairly consistently from the
beginning uh
as did most scientists said now this is
widespread it's going to stay with us
for a very long time and i don't think
there's any surprise that it is still
with us now
nor is this going to magically disappear
over the next few months
this this virus will be with us for the
foreseeable future
but as the prime minister just said
science is
over time going to de-risk it and it is
doing so very substantially with the
vaccines
i think the thing which has surprised me
if anything is the speed with which
we've got the
number of vaccines we have rather than
the fact we've still got of our
virus now but we will have significant
problems with kovid for the foreseeable
future and i don't think we should
pretend otherwise
yeah nothing exactly the same i think
before the first wave hit us we were
worried that there would be a second
wave and a third wave after it that
seemed
likely and unfortunately that's been
borne out across the world
and um i echo what the others have said
that the miracle in this is
is to end up with such effective
vaccines so quickly
really a remarkable um scientific
triumph
thanks or uh mesa hall express
uh thank you prime minister if i could
ask the scientists
um the government dot review document
today doesn't give much away about
when social distancing measures might
might start to disappear can you update
us at all on
uh when people who have been vaccinated
will be able to safely hug their friends
and family
and um prime minister some people have
said that um
kovid's status certification
certificates or passports whatever you
want to call them
are like id cards they're unbritish are
they wrong
um you guys first thing um
on the roll out of vaccines and the
effects of that i mean clearly the road
map lays out the steps
and the next step in terms of being able
to see people indoors would be
17th of may if the data are in the right
direction and that's true for people who
are vaccinated or unvaccinated it's
true right the way across the community
so that doesn't change
and what also doesn't change is that in
that five-week period it's going to be
necessary to look at data and we won't
be able to do that until
week four so we won't really know what
the impact is and we don't know what the
impact is yet
of the changes on the 29th of march so i
think there's a lot to do
following you know the opening up of
step two which looks a very reasonable
thing to do and all the
modelling suggests step two on its own
shouldn't have a big impact
we need to watch that measure it and see
it after week four
and i think only when we get through
these steps can we then start looking at
some of the other other aspects as well
and social distancing i mean i mean i
think
one is to sort of understand what that
might mean longer term
and it probably means things like hand
hygiene
things like the fact that people will
take time off if they get ill
stay at home rather than going into work
so taking time to
take yourself out testing to know
whether you've got it or not those sorts
of things i think
are likely to be important baseline
measures going forward
i'll just add one thing to this which is
as you go through the vaccination
program the protection to you
steadily increases first from the first
vaccine then from the booster vaccine
increases your protection and i hope
your newspaper will encourage your
readers to get their second
vaccines absolutely essential then the
fact that people who are around you you
actually physically meet
have have that had their first and then
their second vaccine that provides
another layer of protection
around you and then finally the fact
that vaccines across
a wide part of the population keep the
rates down so the probability
is low but remember you know the
the number of people who actually got
the virus at the moment
is about one in 370. so uh we really
want to get those rates down further uh
before uh we start to feel that
uh the the society as a whole has got
quite a low
level of covered yeah may so i mean i
think
the principle of requiring uh
some people to uh have a certificate to
prove that they're not
uh passing on a disease like surgeons
who uh have to show that they're
vaccinated against hep b
or or whatever that's that's that's a
that can be a a sensible one but i want
to stress that we're
you know was we're some way off of
finalizing any plans for uh for covid
certification
in the in the uk uh the crucial thing is
for everybody to get out and and get
their
uh get their their vaccination when they
get your vaccination when you're
you're asked to come forward and uh as
chris says get your
your second dose when you're asked to
come for the the the uptake at the
moment is fantastic and
that's that's very very important that
that uh it should continue and i think
we're seeing something like
99 point come on what is seven five
percent
uh uptake in the uh for the second doses
which is which is terrific and that's
what we want to see
uh last question stefan boscher city am
thank you prime minister you said
earlier that it was too early to give a
date for the resumption
of international travel but can you
commit to give the aviation sector at
least
three to four weeks notice of when this
date will be to ensure that they have
some sort of
clarity and certainty going forward and
secondly if i may
london has been disproportionately
affected by the economic impacts of
covert
the unemployment rate here is now two
percent higher than the rest of the
country
and yet your government hasn't give tfl
a long-term funding settlement
the aviation and sector and heathrow
airport don't seem to have
any idea about when they can start again
and there doesn't appear to be any plans
to give central london targeted
economic support despite being the
nation's most important economic hub
as a former mayor of london why haven't
you done more to safeguard the capital's
long-term future
uh thanks very much to evan on the
aviation issue we're going to give as
much notice as we possibly can
we're going to want to get the country
flying again we continue to support
the aviation uh industry in all in all
kinds of ways but
uh the best thing for them is to is to
get flying and that's
that's absolutely critical i also happen
to think that the london economy
is capable of bouncing back uh very
strongly
and the way to do that is to get uh
people back into the
center get the shops open again get
people moving again into they get the
agglomeration effects of
of a gigantic metropolis like london
working
again and but that requires people uh to
be safe it requires people to be
confident
and it requires uh the the vaccine
rollout
to continue to be uh successful until we
get to
to steps uh three and four and then i
think you really will
see a big change in uh the way
uh we live our lives now i don't think
that's necessarily going to come
in a rush i think people will take time
i think a lot of people have
learned to work more from home during
the pandemic
but my experience is when i was running
uh tfl is that actually there's a kind
of paradox of remote communication which
i mentioned before
the more people spend time uh trying to
communicate by zoom
uh and uh on all sorts of remote
electronic communication
the more they hunger and thirst actually
for direct
uh contact with the people that they
need to
to talk to so i think that will all come
back it may take a while
stefan for it to come back but i've
absolutely no doubt that london will
will bounce back very strongly
particularly once we get the
uh the life going again in uh the
artistic the cultural
uh sector the the theaters uh all the
rest that once that starts going again
as
and and you can see from the road map
how that can happen
i think there'll be a really big change
in in london as for the finances of tfl
uh i must respectfully remind you that i
left them in robust
uh good uh order and uh it is not
uh through any fault of uh of of my own
that the
the current uh labour mayor decided to
blow them on an irresponsible affairs
policy
uh we're doing our best uh to help him
out and will continue
uh to do so but uh i'm afraid uh you've
got to look at some of the
some of the decisions uh that were taken
by the the current
uh labour mayor as well i i hesitate to
make a
a a point like that but since you since
you rightly draw attention to
um uh the fact that i'm a proud former
mayor of london
i do think we could uh we could look at
the way tfl has been run that doesn't
mean we aren't going to continue to
support of course we are
but we need to have some uh some
responsibility
uh from the mayor as well and there was
a i'm afraid of black hole
in tfl's finances even before kovid
began as i'm sure you will uh you will
recollect and
and your readers i will recollect okay
everybody well
on that slightly uh a slightly um
london-centric note we're going to we're
going to end but uh there you go the
the the road map continues to uh
uh be one that we are sticking to like
glue uh it's uh it's uh
all the data that i can see uh suggests
to me that we have no reason uh to
deviate from it we're gonna
uh get to step two on april the 12th
and uh at the moment uh things
still seem set fair for for may the 17th
but we will keep everything
constantly under review thank you all
very much
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch bbc news live in the app
and get the full story with bbc dot co
dot uk
forward slash news follow the story for
all the latest with bbc news